README.md, before:

[![progress-banner](https://backend.codecrafters.io/progress/kafka/b1fe91db-920a-4d11-9170-ed5d9494ab71)](https://app.codecrafters.io/users/codecrafters-bot?r=2qF)

This is a starting point for Java solutions to the
["Build Your Own Kafka" Challenge](https://codecrafters.io/challenges/kafka).

In this challenge, you'll build a toy Kafka clone that's capable of accepting
and responding to APIVersions & Fetch API requests. You'll also learn about
encoding and decoding messages using the Kafka wire protocol. You'll also learn
about handling the network protocol, event loops, TCP sockets and more.

**Note**: If you're viewing this repo on GitHub, head over to
[codecrafters.io](https://codecrafters.io) to try the challenge.

# Passing the first stage

The entry point for your Kafka implementation is in `src/main/java/Main.java`.
Study and uncomment the relevant code, and push your changes to pass the first
stage:

```sh
git commit -am "pass 1st stage" # any msg
git push origin master
```

That's all!

# Stage 2 & beyond

Note: This section is for stages 2 and beyond.

1. Ensure you have `mvn` installed locally
1. Run `./your_program.sh` to run your Kafka broker, which is implemented in
   `src/main/java/Main.java`.
1. Commit your changes and run `git push origin master` to submit your solution
   to CodeCrafters. Test output will be streamed to your terminal.

Commit message:

Update README to better describe project

README.md, after:

# About the Project

This is a finished Java implementation for the
["Build Your Own Kafka" Challenge](https://codecrafters.io/challenges/kafka).
This code implements functionality for all stages (and extensions) of the
challenge as of 2025-02-13.

## What can it do?

1. Respond to an `APIVersions` request with supported API calls (`APIVersion`,
   `DescribeTopicPartitions`, `Fetch`).
2. Respond to `DescribeTopicPartitions` and `Fetch` requests with real data (
   Given a `server.properties` file it will parse the kafka metadata log file
   and topic data from `log.dirs`). Otherwise, it will happily respond with "I
   know nothing of these topics or their partitions."

# Running Locally

You will need Java 23 (or later) and maven installed to run this code. The
program can then be run with:

`./your_program.sh /optional/path/to/server.properties`

# Test Run Video

A short video of the code being run in the codecrafters test environment:

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a99f7c32-8c87-4918-8675-1bd2ab610d8f
